Now it's time for you to do your own
work with specificity and inheritance.
And, I have an exercise here for
you you're actually not going
to write any code at all.
What I would like for
you to do this is the same HTML that
we just worked with previously.
What I'd like for you to do is to
look at the CSS and do the following.
First of all I'd like you to calculate
the specificity of each of the selectors
that you see here in the list.
And then the second thing I'd like for
you to do,
is to explain why the page
looks the way it does.
So for example if we start with a footer,
I would say that the specificity is 001,
and that the color is pink because if you
take a look at the footer down here at
the bottom, you'll see that references,
the bullets, and the numbers are all pink.
From that style, but the links are still
taking on the styling that comes from
the default browser stylesheet that colors
unvisited links in blue and underlined.
And of course the font is
coming from the body element.
So, that is what I would like for
you to do now, and
when you come back I will
explain all of these to you.